"Are you out of your mind? Believe me
I am not your enemy, I am your friend,"
the Hyena tried to convince the pandas.
Mickey heard the Hyena and understood
that his intentions were not correct.
He thought, "This devil will not
leave us peacefully. We have to
think about some other trick
to get rid of him for some time."
Suddenly his eyes fell on the bamboo.
"Our mother had advised us not to make friends
with anybody till flowers bloomed
on the bamboo. So you will
have to wait till the bamboo flowers."
Mickey told the Hyena.
"All right then, I will wait.
Young children should obey their mothers,"
said the crooked Hyena grimacing.
The Hyena realized that his luring
the young pandas had back-fired.
Totally dejected, he went away.
Jackie and Mickey heaved a sigh of relief.
They once again got busy eating
Fresh, soft leaves of bamboo.
The flowers bloomed on the bamboo
within a week's time. The Hyena's
happiness knew no bounds and he
said aloud to himself, "Wonderful!
Flowers on the bamboo have brought me
good luck. Now both the young
pandas have to be friends with me.
I will lure them away and feast on them."
The Hyena once again came to the pandas
and said, "Now the flowers have bloomed
on the bamboo. Hurry up
and get down to shake hands with me."
Mickey, was very upset and
was at his wit's end as to how
to get rid of the beast, this time.
Jackie however, was least afraid
of the Hyena. He was busy
sharpening a thick bamboo
pointed at both its ends.
When the bamboo became pointed,
he hurled it towards the Hyena.
He pointed towards the pointed bamboo
and said, "We can become friends
only when you put the bamboo
in your mouth and jump from that cliff."
The flabbergasted Hyena asked,
"But why should I jump with bamboo in my mouth?
Can't we become friends without this exercise?"
"Absolutely not! Our mother had said
that if the Hyena does not jump
with the bamboo in his mouth,
we should not be friends with him.
If you have to be our friend, then
you have to do as I say", said Jackie.
The Hyena became thoughtful.
He was thoroughly trapped in Jackie's trap.