The five peas were very overwhelmed
At encountering the world for the first time.
They were confused about where they should go.
Suddenly, a boy appeared out of nowhere.
¡°These peas will be perfect for my slingshot!¡±
He bent down to grab one and launched it
With his slingshot high up in the air.
The first pea flew out of sight in seconds.
The second, third, and fourth also went flying.
At last the fifth was launched from the slingshot.
¡°I feel like a cloud! I love to fly!¡±
Said the fifth as he drifted into the air.
The fifth pea landed on a windowsill.
¡°Where am I? Let¡¯s look through the window¡±
Gazing through the window, he saw a little girl.
She was very pale and thin,
And was coughing weakly in her bed.
¡°Here darling, try to swallow this soup¡±
Her mother said as she appeared in the doorway.
¡°I feel too ill to eat anything right now¡±
Replied the little girl as she coughed.
When the little girl finally fell asleep,
Her mother looked up at the sky and cried.
¡°Please don¡¯t take my only child away from me!
Please, save my daughter!¡± she begged.
Beneath the light of the full moon,
The pea rolled itself into the girl¡¯s bedroom
And sang for her to the beat of the drum.
The girl could see the full moon outside her window,
But she could not hear its drum.
¡°Nothing is impossible! Listen¡­¡±
And open your mind!¡± the pea told the girl.
The girl closed her eyes and suddenly,
She could hear the beating of the drums.
¡°It¡¯s true! I can hear it now¡± she said.
¡°That¡¯s right! You just have to believe!
If you believe, you can get better again¡±
Said the fifth pea to the little girl.
¡°No, my disease is incurable¡±
The little girl said with tears in her eyes.
¡°What if I can become something other than a pea?
Maybe I can help you get healthy again!¡±
Said the pea as he raised his arms up.
¡±But you are just a little pea¡± said the girl.
¡°What if I transform myself?¡± said the pea.
¡°Will you promise to change yourself too if I do?¡±
¡°Yes I promise!¡± giggled the little girl.
The next morning, the girl woke up early.
¡°It was just a dream, a talking pea!
That¡¯s ridiculous!¡± she thought.
Although the girl didn¡¯t really believe in her dream,
She could feel hope rising in her heart.
¡°But what if I could really cure myself?¡±
Meanwhile, the pea resolved to keep his promise.
He used the dust that had built up on the windowsill
To keep himself warm through the cold winter.
The seasons changed, spring arrived,
And the fifth pea felt a change occurring.
The little pea had sprouted a green bud.
One day, the mother noticed the pea sprout.