She stretched off her cold feet,
Feeling a warm glow in her toes.
¡°How lovely this is!¡± she thought.
A smile formed on the girl¡¯s pale face.
Suddenly, the match sputtered out,
Taking the vision of the fireplace with it.
Confused, the girl looked around her
and saw nothing but darkness.
Hopeful, she lit another match,
And its light brought another vision.
This time, she found herself in a house,
Like the one she had seen through the window.
There was a feast spread out on the table.
¡°Where did all of this food come from?!¡±
She had never seen a table like that before.
Filled with so much delicious food.
She chose a juicy piece of meat.
But before she could even taste it,
The light faded and everything vanished.
Desperate to recapture the beautiful mirage,
She lit another one of her matches.
¡°What will I see this time?¡± she thought.
Now she saw a glittering Christmas tree.
¡°How beautiful!¡± she exclaimed.
The girl eagerly approached the tree
and reached for a chocolate chip cookie.
Suddenly, the flame went out.
But although the light faded,
The vision of the tree had not.
The Christmas ornaments rose shimmering
Into the dark night¡¯s sky,
And transformed into glowing stars.
¡°Stars, how pretty they are!¡±
The girl thought as she watched the stars.
She took all the remaining matches
And lit them all at once next to her.
¡°I wonder what will appear
when all the matches are lit!¡±
She thought as she lit the matches.
As she gazed into the bright fire,
She saw someone she loved very much.
The little girl saw her grandmother.
But she knew that was impossible.
¡°Grandma is it really you?!¡± she asked.
¡°It is darling¡± said her Grandmother,
¡°Come and join me sweetheart!¡±
The girl fell into her grandmother¡¯s arms.
She could feel their feet leaving the ground,
As they floated into the air together.
I missed you so much grandma!
where are we going?¡± the girl asked.
¡°We're going to the land of love and joy,
Where no one is ever cold or hungry.¡±
Wrapped into her grandmother¡¯s arms,
The girl rose into the starry sky,
And became a pretty little star.
In the morning, the girl was found
lying on the cold ground with her matches.
People gathered around the little girl.
¡°Oh, poor child!¡± they cried.