There was once a wealthy farmer,
Who lived with his three sons and one daughter.
Simon his eldest son, was a soldier.
Taras the middle son, was a merchant.
And Ivan the youngest, was a farmer.
Ivan, was not very bright.
Simon married a nobleman¡¯s daughter who
made him spend all of his money on her.
Simon went to his father to ask
For some of Ivan¡¯s share of the land.
Ivan gladly agreed to Simon¡¯s proposal.
Taras, married a merchant¡¯s daughter.
He also asked for a portion of Ivan¡¯s land.
Ivan agreed again, he liked to share.
The devil meanwhile was displeased.
He did not like to see brotherly love,
And wanted to spread misery and discord.
He called his three henchmen to him.
¡°I see too much friendship and happiness.
Go and make them fight!¡± he told them.
The henchmen visited Simon and Taras
and cursed them with vanity and greed.
Overcome with ambition, Simon started a war
To conquer the world, and lost dismally.
This made the king very angry.
Taras began to covet everything he saw.
He spent everything and borrowed too much.
But Ivan didn¡¯t respond to the henchmen¡¯s tricks.
They made his fields as hard as rock,
And gave him a bad stomach ache.
He wouldn¡¯t give in and continued to work.
One of the henchmen attached himself
To his pickaxe and wouldn¡¯t let him work.
When Ivan realized what was going on,
He was furious and scolded at the henchman.
¡°You wicked creature!¡± he said.
¡°Let me go and I will grant you one wish¡±
The henchman pleaded on his knees.
¡°Cure my stomach ache¡± said Ivan.
The henchman gave Ivan a healing herb.
Ivan ate one and felt better immediately.
The following day, another henchman came.
¡°You won¡¯t get away from me this time!¡±
Ivan angrily told the henchman.
¡°Let me go and I will grant all of your wishes!¡±
The henchman said, as he knelt down.
¡°Teach me how to do magic¡± Ivan said.
The henchman taught him some magic spells.
Ivan turned a bundle of straw into an army,
And some green leaves into gold coins.
He sent the army to his brother Simon,
and the gold coins to his brother Taras.
With the army, Simon won his war.
With the gold, Taras started his business
Again and soon became wealthy.
Each brother found his own kingdom,
And became wealthy and powerful kings.
Then, something very bad happened.
The princess in Ivan¡¯s kingdom fell ill.
The king sent out a plea to his people.