He said he would give his throne to anyone
who could save his beloved daughter.
Ivan gathered the healing herbs he had gotten,
And brought them to the ill princess.
When she was cured, he married her,
And as promised, became the new king.
The devil was really angry now.
Not only did all of his schemes fail,
but now all the brothers were kings.
¡°I will destroy them!¡± he said.
Irritated by his inefficient henchmen,
The devil decided to try by himself,
And disguised himself as a general.
He first went to Simon¡¯s kingdom.
¡°I can give you a very powerful gun,
And a canon that can destroy anything!
If you fight the neighbouring kingdom,
You will surely win, your highness!¡±
Simon believed him and started a war.
But the gun and canon wouldn¡¯t fire.
He had been deceived by the Devil.
Simon lost the war and his kingdom.
Now, the Devil came to Taras¡¯s
Kingdom disguised as a merchant.
He paid very high prices to buy goods
from his people and made them wealthy.
The people were all able to pay their taxes,
And the whole kingdom prospered.
Taras complimented the merchant.
¡°You have made me very wealthy!¡±
Then, the Devil made the kingdom fall.
The Devil refused to resell the goods
he had previously purchased.
Taras and his people could not get any food.
His kingdom was slowly starving to death.
¡°Simon and Taras are both fools!
It¡¯s Ivan¡¯s turn to suffer!¡± the Devil said.
The Devil made his way to Ivan¡¯s kingdom.
¡°I can make your army powerful¡± he said.
¡°Thank you, but my people don¡¯t want to fight.
We don¡¯t need an army¡± replied Ivan.
¡°But all of your neighbouring kingdoms have armies,
Aren¡¯t you afraid they will invade you?¡±
Ivan hesitated at first but then he agreed
To let the Devil make him a powerful army.
He tried but the people were so content,
That no one was interested in becoming a soldier.
The frustrated Devil decided to go
to the neighbouring kingdom.
He tried to provoke them to attack Ivan.
The Devil¡¯s plan was successful.
The neighbouring kingdom invaded Ivan¡¯s land,
And stole his people¡¯s grain and livestock.
Ivan¡¯s people didn¡¯t even try to fight back.
The soldiers had come hoping for victory,
But returned discouraged and disappointed.
Still persistent, the Devil dressed himself
as a nobleman and returned to Ivan¡¯s kingdom.
¡°Dear people, if you help me build a house,
I will shower you with all the gold you can want.¡±