Four sisters lived together in a town.
Meg the eldest, was very beautiful.
Jo the second, wanted to become a writer.
Beth the third, was shy and kind.
Amy the youngest, was the prettiest of all,
And could get away with almost anything.
The neighbors called them the Little Women.
One day, a soldier came to their door.
He wanted to take their father away
to the army to fight the civil war.
¡°I have your draft notice, sir,
Please get ready to leave¡± said the soldier.
¡°Please don¡¯t go!¡± cried the girls
¡°Don¡¯t cry, I¡¯ll be back before you know it!¡±
After their father left home and went to war,
Hardship descended on the family.
Their mother didn¡¯t make enough money
to buy food for the whole family.
They did not know how they would make it
Until their father¡¯s return from war.
One day a letter arrived from the battlefield.
It said that their father had been wounded
And was now resting in the hospital.
¡°I have to be there to take care of your father,
But where can we get money for the train ticket?¡±
Mother said as tears welled up in her eyes.
¡°I will find the money¡± said Jo.
Jo was the toughest of the four sisters,
And she believed she would find a way.
When Jo returned home, everyone was shocked
To see that all her beautiful hair was gone.
With a smile on her face, Jo took out the money
¡°I found some money¡±, said Jo.
¡°Where did you get so much money?!¡±
Exclaimed Mother with tears in her eyes.
¡°I sold some of my hair¡± replied Jo.
Jo pretended that everything was all right.
But that night when she went to bed,
She cried while Meg consoled her.
¡°Jo, please don¡¯t cry! Please!
I¡¯m sorry, I should have sold my hair instead.¡±
Said Meg, as she stroked Jo¡¯s hair.
¡°It¡¯s ok, It will grow back soon¡±
The sisters embraced tenderly.
Mother left and the sisters had to take care
Of themselves and do house chores.
One day, Beth became very ill.
She had a high fever and was shaking all over.
Her sisters took very good care of her.
¡°How are you feeling my dear Beth?
I¡¯m sorry I was mean before¡­
Please get better!¡± said Amy.
Despite her sisters¡¯ love and care,
Beth felt worse as the days went by.
¡°We need to call the doctor!¡± said Meg.
Jo, will you be able to find his house?¡±
¡°It¡¯s the one with the tree right?¡± said Jo.
¡°Yes, bring him as soon as possible.
Hurry, before the snow gets worse!¡±
Cried Meg as Jo rushed out of the house.