¡°I will be back very soon!¡± said Jo.
A snowstorm raged and howled outside,
But Jo knew she had to get to the doctor.
Finally, he arrived to the house.
The doctor pronounced his diagnosis.
¡°She has scarlet fever, keep it down
and she will be better in no time¡±.
The four sisters were relieved
that Beth was going to be okay,
But they still looked very worried.
¡°Don¡¯t fret girls,¡± the doctor said.
¡°Beth will get better once the fever is gone¡±.
¡°We are very glad to hear that,
but I¡¯m afraid we have no money
to pay for your visit¡± said Meg.
¡°No problem, I will ask your parents
when they return¡± said the Doctor.
The sisters heaved a sigh of relief.
¡°Oh thank you so much Doctor!¡±
The sisters took even better care of Beth,
And hoped to make her well soon.
Unfortunately, Beth was unhappy
Because she missed her mother very much.
¡°Where¡¯s mother, where is she?¡± said Beth.
¡°Shhhhhh don¡¯t disturb yourself Beth,
She¡¯ll be coming back soon¡±, said Meg.
At that moment, their mother walked in.
The sisters were overjoyed to see her.
¡°Dear mother!¡± they exclaimed.
¡°My beautiful daughters, how are you?¡±
Beth was also happy to have her back.
¡°Beth, I¡¯m here to take care of you now¡±
Beth held her mother very closely.
¡°Maybe Beth was just pretending to be sick
because she wanted you back so badly¡±
joked Amy and everybody laughed.
The whole family felt safe and happy.
¡°Is father coming home soon?¡± Meg asked.
¡°Your father has hurt his right leg,
but he is getting better and misses all of you.
So don¡¯t worry Meg¡± replied Mother.
¡°We miss father so much!¡± said Meg,
as she stood up to hug Mother.
¡°I know dear, you have been so brave,
taking care of your sisters and your home.¡±
The sisters prepared for Christmas Eve.
They hung their stockings above the fireplace.
¡°Amy why are you hanging up two stockings?
Do you hope to get more presents with two?
Give me one!¡± Beth told Amy.
¡°Give Amy her stocking back!¡± laughed Jo.
She needs two because they¡¯re smaller!¡±
They were still very poor but they were happy.
The mother watched her daughters feeling sad.
They didn¡¯t have enough money for presents.
¡°This is going to be a sad and lonely Christmas¡±
thought Mother, as she rocked on her chair.
That night, the sisters dreamed of presents.
Meg wanted to fall in love with a young man.
Jo, dreamed of a beautiful red dress.