Once upon a time, five little peas
Lived together inside a pea pod.
They were content and in harmony.
They slept all day warmed by the sun.
At night, they would talk to each other,
And listen to the music of the moon.
When the moon was a crescent,
She strung a silver string on her points
And became a beautiful harp,
Keeping the beat with the castanets.
¡°Wake up little peas! Wake up!¡±
When she was a full moon,
She would boom like a mighty drum.
The five little peas would wake up,
When they heard the moon¡¯s music.
The eldest preferred the sound of the drum.
¡°Dong, dong, dong! Let¡¯s beat the drum!¡±
The second pea was mischievous
And preferred the sound of the castanets.
The lyrical, sensitive third pea,
Longed for the melody of the harp.
Today the moon was in its crescent phase,
And the music of the harp filled the air.
The other peas had different tastes.
They covered their ears and didn¡¯t want to listen.
¡°Ugh! The harp is dull and boring!¡±
¡°I don¡¯t want to listen to this!¡±
¡°Ohh! I don¡¯t like it at all! I don¡¯t like it!¡±
And what about the fourth and fifth?
The fourth pea didn¡¯t care about anything,
And was melancholic and thoughtful.
But the fifth and youngest was very different.
He liked the castanets, the drum, and the harp.
¡°I love them all!¡± he exclaimed.
¡°Each sound is special in its own way.¡±
One day the five peas suddenly realized
How cramped their pod had become.
¡°Ughh move over!¡± cried the third pea.
¡°It¡¯s so stuffy in here!¡± said another pea.
¡°I can¡¯t sleep!¡± said the second pea.
Suddenly, the pod burst open,
And the bright sunlight came bursting in.
¡°Oh its¡¯s so bright! What¡¯s happening?¡±
What is this light? I can¡¯t sleep!¡±
¡°Oh no! Our home has burst!¡±
¡°I¡¯m going back to sleep¡± said the fourth pea.
Unlike the fourth, all the others were excited.
¡°This could be our chance!¡± said the first pea.
¡°Our chance for what?¡± asked the others.
¡°Why, our chance to see the world!¡±
¡°But we know nothing about the outside world.
It could be dangerous¡± said the second pea.
¡°I want to see it!¡± exclaimed the fifth pea.
The peas argued for a long while,
About whether they should leave their pod.
Finally, they decided to take their chances.
The five peas leaped out of their pod,
Slid down a thick stem and landed in a furrow.
¡°I hadn¡¯t realized how far up our home is¡±
Commented the fifth pea as he looked up.