Once upon a time, a beautiful statue
Stood in the middle of a town square.
It was the statue of a magnificent Prince.
His body was covered in shiny gold leaf.
And his eyes and the dagger on his belt
Were ornamented with precious gemstones.
From his place on the square,
He could see everything going on around him.
People called him the Happy Prince.
One cold and windy night,
A swallow wandered into the square.
The other swallows had all gone south.
But this one had been left behind.
Circling the square, the swallow saw the prince.
¡°It¡¯s too cold to fly, I¡¯ll stay here for the night.¡±
The swallow said as he settled down.
Suddenly, a drop of water fell on his head.
¡°Can it be raining?¡± the swallow said.
He glanced up and saw that the sky was clear.
It was not raining at all, ¡°how odd!
Where did the drop come from then?¡±
Curious, the swallow flew to the top of the statue.
When he reached the top, he saw
That the Prince¡¯s eyes were filled with tears.
¡°Why are you crying Prince?¡± he asked.
¡°I am crying because I am sad¡± said the Prince.
¡°How could you be sad!¡± said the swallow.
¡°I was once a very happy and joyful Prince.
Now as a statue, I can see everything.
I see so much misery and poverty.
Just take a look at the little house there¡±
The swallow looked at where the Prince pointed.
He saw an old, run-down house.
A sick child lay on the bed inside.
¡°That child is very ill, but the family
is too poor to buy the child medicine.
Swallow, would you do something for me?¡±
¡°Pluck out the ruby from that dagger
and bring it to the sick child¡¯s house.
If they sell it they will be able to buy medicine.¡±
The swallow carried the ruby to the house.
The following day, the swallow stayed in the square.
He wanted to stay with the prince a little longer.
In the afternoon, he flew to the Prince¡¯s shoulder.
¡°Goodbye Prince, I must fly south now¡±
¡°Swallow, can I ask for one final favour?
There is a man living in a rundown attic.
He is writing a novel, but he is so poor
that he hasn¡¯t eaten anything in days.
Can you please take on of my sapphire eyes
And bring it to him?¡± asked the Prince.
The swallow took one of the prince¡¯s eyes
And flew to the poor writer in the attic.
When the writer discovered the sapphire,
He shed tears of joy. He couldn¡¯t believe it.
Now he knew he would not starve.
The swallow did not go south that day.
But this had made him very happy.
The next day, the swallow tried to say goodbye.
¡°I am sorry swallow,¡± said the Prince.