¡°but I have one last favour to ask of you.
Do you see that little girl selling matches?
Give her my other eye¡± said the Prince.
¡°I can¡¯t do that, you would be blind then!¡±
Exclaimed the swallow in horror.
¡°It doesn¡¯t matter, please give it to the girl.¡±
The swallow took out the Prince¡¯s remaining eye
And dropped it into the girl¡¯s basket.
¡°Where did this come from?¡± the girl said.
¡°Oh swallow, thank you so much!
Now that the prince had given away his eyes
He could not see the village anymore.
¡°Thank you swallow, you have helped me very much.
I know I have kept you back too long.
Please fly south now¡± said the Prince.
¡°No my prince, I cannot leave you alone now.
I will be your eyes¡± replied the swallow.
The swallow had grown to love the prince
for his generous heart, and wanted to stay.
From that day on, the swallow stayed
by the Prince¡¯s side and told him about
everything he saw happening in the town.
¡°Prince, I saw some homeless children in the cold.
They will soon freeze to death¡± said the Swallow.
¡°Please strip some gold leaf from my body
And bring it to those children¡± said the Prince.
Every day the swallow would strip bits of gold
From the prince¡¯s body and bring them
To those who were ill or in need.
As more and more people became happy,
The prince¡¯s body grew more and more ugly.
Winter came and the swallow felt his body freezing.
One snowy day, he kissed the Prince on the cheek.
¡°Thank you my prince, you have taught me
The true meaning of happiness. Thank you..¡±
As he said those words, the swallow
Fell to the cold ground and died.
¡°My poor, faithful swallow!
You didn¡¯t fly south and died because of me!
Even my gold cannot save you now.
¡°I will miss you my dear friend¡± he cried.
Tears flowed from the Prince¡¯s empty eyes,
And a cracking sound came from within his body.
The cold winter winds passed,
And the warm sunshine filled the air.
The villagers emerged into the square,
And saw what had become of the Prince¡¯s state.
They pointed his fingers at him saying
¡°Look at that! What has happened to the statue?¡±
¡°It looks dreadful! More like a homeless prince¡±
¡°This statue is making the whole square look grubby¡±
The villagers tore down the statue,
And cast it into the fire to melt it down.
Oddly, as the statue melted away in the heat,
The prince¡¯s lead heart remained.
Looking down over the earth,
God turned to one of his angels and said,
¡°Bring me the two most beautiful things in the world.¡±
The angel flew down to earth and brought back
The frozen body of the swallow and prince¡¯s heart.