Once upon a time, a young brother and sister
Lived in a small village with their mother.
One day, their mother got work
With the wealthiest family in the village.
She had to leave her children alone for the day
¡°Watch your little sister while I¡¯m away.
I will be back later in the evening
with delicious rice cakes for both of you!¡±
she said as she stepped out the door.
¡°I will take good care of her mother.
Come home soon!¡± replied her son.
The brother and sister decided to prepare
A surprise for their mother on her return.
They went together to a chestnut grove
To pick some fresh chestnuts for her.
The brother brought a pole and a basket.
¡°Watch, if you shake the branches like this,
The chestnuts will come down by themselves¡±
Said the brother as he poked the branches.
¡°This is fun! I can catch them in my basket!¡±
¡°Watch out here they come!¡± said the sister.
When they had gathered as many as they could carry,
The brother and sister sat down to peel them.
They burst open the prickly shells,
And picked out the smooth chestnuts inside.
¡°I can¡¯t wait to have some!¡± said the sister.
¡°Wait, don¡¯t eat them! we have to roast them
In the furnace first¡± said the brother.
Meanwhile, their Mother was hurrying home,
Balancing several rice cakes on her head.
¡°The children must be hungry by now¡± she thought.
¡°I am sure they will enjoy these rice cakes!¡±
Suddenly, she heard a terrifying growl¡­
¡°Oh! What was that!?¡± she cried.
Slowly, a tiger leaped down from a tree.
He approached the very frightened Mother,
Glaring at her with fierce yellow eyes.
¡°I will perhaps let you go unscathed¡­.
If you hand over those rice cakes!¡± he growled.
¡°Is that all? You can have all the rice cakes!¡±
Said the Mother as she handed him everything.
As the tiger ate the delicious rice cakes,
The mother turned and ran for her life.
The mother had just reached a hill,
When the tiger blocked her path once more.
¡°I demand more rice cakes! More!
You must have another one hidden somewhere!
Give it to me now!¡± he growled loudly.
¡°This is my last one¡± the mother said.
She pulled a rice cake from her pocket.
¡°I have to feed my two beautiful children!¡±
The mother turned and ran as fast as she could.
But she was not fast enough.
The tiger stopped her again in her tracks.
¡°You again! Your life for a rice cake!
Give one more and you can go¡± said the tiger.
¡°But I gave you all the rice cakes I had!
I don¡¯t have anymore, I swear!¡± she cried.
¡°Is that so¡­.?, Well¡­ Let me see¡­
And how do I fill my empty belly?