What do you think I should do?¡± asked the tiger.
¡°No, please let me go! I beg you!
My children are waiting for me!¡± cried the mother.
¡°What a tragic story. I am sorry for you¡±
Said the tiger sarcastically as he glared at her.
Disregarding her pleas, the merciless tiger
grabbed her with his powerful jaws.
Still blissfully unaware of what had happened,
The children sat by the warm furnace.
As the chestnuts roasted in the crackling flames.
Suddenly, they heard a voice outside the house.
¡°Mummy¡¯s home! Why don¡¯t you open the door?¡±
¡°Mother! Mother¡¯s home!¡± cried the sister.
¡°No, wait, there is something wrong here.
That is not mother¡¯s voice¡± said the brother.
The suspicious brother refused to open the door.
¡°If you are mother, show us your hand!¡±
His instincts had served him very well.
The voice outside the door was not their mother,
Of course, but the ravenous and hungry tiger.
He had come to devour the children too.
¡°What a clever boy! But, I can fool him¡­
¡°I still have some grains of rice on my paw,
From all those rice cakes¡± thought the tiger.
¡°When they see it they will believe I am their mother!¡±
So the tiger confidently demonstrated his paw.
It had several rice grains stuck to it.
The children fell for the devious trick.
¡°It really must be Mother!¡± they said.
¡°Let¡¯s open the door and let her in!¡±
They opened the door and in came the tiger.
¡°Oh no! A tiger! Help! the children cried.
¡°I hope you¡¯re as tasty as your mother!¡±
Said the tiger as he came closer to the children.
¡°You ate our mother?! No!¡± cried the boy.
Both children started crying very loudly.
¡°Oh, stop your whining right now!
You two look even plumper and juicier than her¡­
Which should I eat first?¡± asked the tiger.
The tiger looked and pointed to the sister.
¡°Hold on! I bet you¡¯ve never had a chestnut¡±
Cried out the brother as he pointed to the furnace.
¡°What¡¯s a chestnut?¡± asked the tiger.
¡°Why, it¡¯s only the most delicious thing in the world!
Don¡¯t you want to try one?¡± asked the brother.
Desperate to save himself and his sister,
The brother had come up with a plan.
¡°Are they more delicious than rice cakes?¡±
asked the tiger while he licked his lips.
¡°Of course they are, they are perfectly scrumptious!
We are roasting some right now¡± said the brother.
¡°They certainly do look delicious¡­
Just looking at them makes my mouth water.
I will try one, here we go¡± said the tiger.
He sank his teeth into the hot furnace.
¡°Ahhh! It burns!!!!¡± he cried out in pain.
In his eagerness to snatch a chestnut,
The foolish tiger burned his paws and tongue.
As he blundered around the room in pain and fury,
The brother and sister seized their chance and ran.