It was a cold and snowy winter day.
The streets were filled with people hurrying home
to their warm homes and family.
A girl wandered alone through this rush,
Her voice wavering on the frozen wind.
¡°Matches! Please buy some matches!¡±
She was a little match girl, trying to sell
Matches to the people who passed by.
She had no money to buy warm clothes,
And everything she wore was thin and ragged.
The soles of her shoes had holes in them.
The people walking by ignored her.
They were busy with their own concerns,
And no one stopped to buy matches.
The girl tried to stop a well-dressed man.
¡°Would you like some matches?¡± she asked.
¡°Get away from me!¡± the man said.
¡°Please, won¡¯t you just take one box?¡±
She said as she pointed to her matches.
¡°I told you to leave me alone!¡± he yelled.
Irritated, he shoved her out of his way.
The girl was weak with hunger and cold,
And she collapsed on the ground.
The man turned away, and walked on.
The girl walked to another street,
But no one wanted any matches.
Soon, the number of people
In the street, began to dwindle.
She went off in search of another street.
Hoping to find more people.
The little match girl was an orphan.
Her parents had died when she was young,
And she had been living with her grandmother.
She too grew ill and passed away,
Leaving the girl alone in the world.
Selling matches was the only way
she could support and feed herself.
But she needed to sell ten boxes,
to get one loaf of bread.
Today, she hadn¡¯t sold any boxes.
Passing by a house, she heard
a loud burst of joyful laughter.
She looked through the frosted window,
and saw a happy family in a warm home,
sitting before a table with delicious food.
She felt so miserable that moment,
That tears began to roll down her cheeks.
¡°If only I could be one of those children.¡±
The sun set and the darkness deepened,
And streets grew almost empty.
Soon, the girl was alone.
Tired from walking all day in the cold,
The girl sat down by a wall to rest.
She took out a match and lit it.
¡°How nice and warm!¡± she said.
The light swayed before her eyes,
And she could not stop looking at it.
Suddenly, something strange happened.
A large fireplace with a crackling fire
Appeared out of nowhere before her.